(upbeat music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(ominous music)
(upbeat music)
(gunshots fire)
(gunshots firing continues)
(man exclaims)
(gunshots fire)
(body thuds)
(ominous music continues)
(gunshots fire)
- These guys are like roaches.
they're all over the place.
- We have to get back to Nash.
- Good idea.
Come on.
(gunshots fire)
(man exclaims)
(metal clanks)
(grenade explodes)
(ominous music)
(gunshots fire)
- Go. go. go. go.
(Winston exclaims)
Fuck!
(man exclaims)
- You're hit.
- Shit my leg.
- We're close to the ridge.
Will be the fourth point
in about four seconds.
(gunshots fire)
- [Winston] Just leave me.
(body thuds)
(gunshots fire)
You're gonna have to leave me behind.
- Bullshit. I'm not leaving anybody.
- I can take out all these scumbags.
- I'm not saying you can't.
(gunshots fire)
- Where is Hubbard?
- Hubbard's gone after them too.
- I'm gonna be a burden.
Just leave me.
- One team. all in. all out.
Winston. stay with him.
- Is Hubbard at the meeting point?
Are we gonna live?
- Of course we're gonna live.
The good guys always win.
(ominous music)
(gunshot fires)
(man exclaims)
Watch him I'm going in.
- [Mara] I've got this.
We're gonna make it.
(ominous music)
- Hubbard.
Hubbard.
Hubbard. it's me.
- [Hubbard] Nash.
- [Nash] Hubbard.
Come out.
- Winston?
- He got hit.
They're gonna meet us back at the Humvee.
- This will bring down
the entire organization.
- Wait. I thought they were gonna-
- I need to disappear.
- [Nash] What?
- This is worse than anyone knows.
- Wait what about the docs?
- There are no docs. Nash.
- No docs?
- [Hubbard] It was a little lie.
XZ-9. is the deadliest drug
the world has ever known.
- That'll be our secret.
- [Hubbard] Yeah.
- Take to your grave.
- Yeah just don't tell Mara.
- I won't.
- It's the Chinese.
Xieng.
The Wan clan.
I think there's trouble on the inside.
- Wan clan?
What do you mean?
- State side there's a. there's a lab.
The one I told you about.
He'll do whatever it takes.
- That means this was an inside job.
- We're not safe here.
They could be listening right now.
- Will I see you again?
- [Hubbard] Watch your back Nash.
I gotta plan for you.
It's not pretty.
- Be safe partner.
(gunshots fire)
(man exclaims)
(ominous music)
(logo whooshes)
(gunshots fire)
(man exclaims)
- [Mara] Nash.
- Yeah.
(keyboard clicks)
- Mara hey. what's going on?
- It's almost showtime.
- Yeah.
- Coffee.
- I agree in my mind.
- Oh parapsychology is my specialty.
(Nash chuckles)
- I think caffeine is the only
psychology I need at the moment.
So tell me. what are
the theatrics of today?
- Could you open your computer?
Dr. Dina Sloan from last week briefing.
she said to downplay the effects of XZ-9.
We didn't think she'd go through with it
but she announced the stream
last night on social media.
- Is she still dealing with Ukraine?
- Not exactly.
(paper rustle)
Our sources say Hong Kong
but this entire operation is like
an onion wrapped inside a
vortex of power players.
- Yeah I was just thinking about Hubbard.
(gunshot fires)
(ominous music)
- You were close.
- Yeah but now he is gone like the wind.
- Hey. you did all you could.
Your head is just playing games on you.
- No my head is wrapped on tight
and operating at full capacity. trust me.
- Hey. energy weapons
have lingering effects.
I'm here if you wanna talk.
- You know I appreciate that. I really do.
Maybe we'll grab drinks at
that bar I go to sometimes.
- Only if I'd pick up the first round.
- Ah. look at you.
(Nash claps)
You're trying to get an award
for like partner of the year.
Partner of the decade.
- Well. I aim to please.
(both chuckle)
Looks like she's getting ready.
- [Nash] Okay.
- [Dr. Dina] Good afternoon.
I'm Dr. Dina Sloan.
Head of the research panel
and professor emeritus on
XZ-9 at Gillis University.
I've provided a statement
today regarding ZX-9
and I'm gonna share
that all with you today.
- All right doc. enlighten me on
how XZ-9 is no longer a threat.
- Understand that there was a lot of talk
about this drug being
used in certain government
and foreign government funded experiments.
Due to the insistence by
news media and social media.
the infiltration that ZX-9
is a threat to humankind
and that's simply not true.
These are all lies.
I have studied XZ-9 since its creation.
XZ-9 has never been a hostile chemical
especially when mixed
properly with other chemicals.
In fact. we've seen great effects
in the treatment of
many different diseases.
On behalf of my colleagues
at the institute
we will be closing all
research regarding XZ-9
and production as well as
reporting all further findings
through the government's
Ministry of Science
and of course all the
research will be available
to the public as it comes our way.
You have nothing to fear
and the truth will come.
Thank you.
(audience clapping)
- Well looks likes someone's trying
to close the book on XZ-9.
- Fear the pages of that book
have already being torn to shreds.
- So the old narrative still stands.
- I sent you all of Hubbard's reports.
Read them over again and align to this
'cause something doesn't add up.
- So what'd you know about Dr. Dina?
- You saw the speech.
Believable.
- It's bullshit.
- How do you know?
- Can I tell you what I know about XZ-9?
About five years ago.
the Chinese government and
a pharmaceutical company
were working together on a super drug.
It actually worked and
these guys were stronger.
smarter. faster.
They tested on Chinese soldiers.
Well nine months these guys were dying.
I mean would drop like flies.
When the government found
out the soldiers was dying.
started blaming the US Special Ops team.
Hubbard and I were of that team.
(Mara sighs)
- Well our social media ops are already
pushing the official narrative.
- Winston?
- That's your next meeting?
Mine too.
- Okay.
I mean we've got a few
minutes I can meet you there.
- We do.
(phone rings)
- You better get that.
- Yeah.
Right. I'll catch up soon.
(paper rustles)
(ominous music)
- [Dr. Dina] There's
never been an intention
to use XZ-9
(Mr. Wan laughs)
as a malicious agent or
as a chemical weapon.
If we as free citizens
and the democratic society
can spend more time looking at
- Yes.
- the actual findings of this
situation rather than doing-
(keyboard clicks)
(ominous music continues)
(Mr. Wan laughs)
- You don't realize what
you did little girl.
(Mr. Wan laughs hysterically)
(buttons click)
I want you to find out
where Dr. Sloan does her business.
Her little PR stunt
just pushed up one step
closer to our goal.
(Mr. Wan laughs)
(phone thuds)
You will soon find out
the wrath of Wan clan.
(Mr. Wan laughs hysterically)
(ominous music)
(Mr. Wan chuckles)
I got the best in the world.
Check it out.
(ominous music)
This nerve drug
will change the world.
Check it out.
- Let me see it.
(ominous music continues)
- It's good?
(man speaks in foreign language)
- What you want to sell me?
Soap?
- What?
- Never fucking try it again.
- That's the best.
(Mr. Wan laughs)
- You are crazy.
Never try to screw me again. okay?
- Nobody crossing me.
(ominous music)
(gunshot fires)
- Dexter.
Winston
and where's Mara?
Oh.
(Nash chuckles)
Hey.
- Sorry.
- Nash thought you were out sick.
You look like a million bucks.
(Nash laughs)
- Well thank you.
I feel like shit but I'm here.
- Oh. you just need a vacation.
Take some time off.
- Nah. I'm not doing vacations.
Especially when everything
smells like shit.
There's a lot of shit on desk.
I can't sleep. can't focus so.
(Nash mumbles)
- I just ran data on the conference.
It seems the general population is moving
in the intended direction.
- Good.
- And if they don't.
we'll just keep what's in the air ways.
They'll learn.
- Yeah.
Our Russian teams in the Chinese firms
are working in our favor on this.
In fact soon. the only people
that will be mentioning
about the XZ-9 operation is
conspiracy nut jobs and
intellectual obscureness.
(Nash laughs)
- You've got a couple of big words.
- I've been reading books. should try.
(Nash exclaims)
- Detect a little bit of hostility.
Was making a joke.
We are all in the same team here
and we're all the same type okay?
- Precisely. in fact.
that's why we're gonna
start moving more rapidly
on the XZ-9 operation.
In fact. right before this meeting
I was told that there was talk
of moving the shipment to Hawaii.
- The Pacific lab.
No. no. we'll never get results.
I've been trying to tell
him McCalsky for weeks.
- No there's more to it though.
We were going to recruit
this Dr. Dina's partner.
The Chinese are funding him.
It's this Dr. Xieng.
- [Nash] Okay.
Okay.
I want in on the access.
- [Winston] Actually no.
Dexter and I can handle this one.
We'll just brief you on the.
on the interrogation.
- Okay.
Anything happen to the XZ-9 I
want more information on so.
I'll you guys do the interrogation.
I'll review the tapes.
- Smart man.
- But not smart enough.
It seems like you guys
have this all handled
and taken care of so
just keep me in the loop.
I'ma head out.
I'll be on call okay?
- Nash.
- Yeah.
- You know I hear down there
in Florida is nice these days.
The sun. the beaches.
Nice place to get your head in order.
- I think my mind's in order.
If I need some tips on vacation.
I'll give you a call okay?
Good day.
- He doing okay?
- He's been upset about Hubbard.
- Oh you mean the warehouse.
Operation Golden Tiger. right?
- [Mara] I believe so.
- Did he ever mention
that Hubbard said anything
before he went AWOL?
- What do you mean?
- [Winston] Well did he say
any like parting messages
so to speak?
- Nash never told me.
- [Dexter] Yeah you are
close though. right?
- We're friends and colleagues.
- Friends?
- Is it against office protocol
to have friends Dexter?
- No.
No it's not.
- All I know is Nash
is one of our best men.
What he did in Iraq is beyond courageous.
Not to mention his covert work.
Moscow. Cuba.
He suffered irreparable brain damage
from those cold war techniques
and still he's smarter
and just as lethal as our
top agents in the field.
- Does he have any family in town?
- I think his sister Brenda. she's around.
Other than that I don't know.
- [Dexter] Mara.
All right.
You too make a strong team.
You know about XZ-9 as does Nash
but we got this.
Right?
Take care of him. he needs help.
- Yeah.
Excuse me.
(footsteps pattering)
(Winston sighs)
- Looks like we have a
lot of work ahead of us.
(ominous music)
(footsteps pattering)
- Yeah.
(ominous music continues)
So sorry about the way it. Mr. Xieng Huey
Things get a little busy around
here as I'm sure you know.
(gun cocks)
(gun thuds softly)
(chair screeches)
Are you Mr. Xieng Huey?
Are you Mr. Xieng Huey from Yunnan?
Mr. Xieng Huey is it true
that you've been dealing with
poisons and other lab
equipment for over 15 years?
I need you to know that
the more you participate
the easier this is gonna be.
We have you tied to
connections with a killing.
a poisoned victim.
Do you know anything about that?
(eerie music)
- Hi. I'm rich.
- Is that your name or
you got a lot of money?
- Yeah I have a lot of money.
You wanna come with me?
- Why don't we cheers to that first?
- Okay.
(ominous music)
- I only have so much patience.
The more you cooperate
the better this will be.
I'm gonna ask you one
more time. Mr. Xieng Huey.
Were you involved
in the poisoning
of a Buller Miller Johnson one week ago?
(ominous music continues)
(Buller groans)
(tumbler thuds)
(Dexter sniffs)
Okay.
(ominous music continues)
(file thuds)
(Dexter sighs)
- That was the saddest
interrogation scene I've ever seen.
- He's not bucking it.
I can't get anything out of him.
- I need you to go back in
there and break his skull open.
I need you to get inside his mind.
- You know I can do that
but I'm gonna need a favor from you.
- What's that?
- I need two minutes alone.
No cameras. no nothing.
That's all I need.
Two minutes.
- Okay.
I'll do that.
- That's all I need.
Got good news. Mr. Xieng Huey.
(file thuds)
Well good news for me not for you.
Were you involved in the
murder of Buller Johnson?
(ominous music)
(chair thuds)
I'm gonna ask one more time.
Were you involved in the
murder of Buller Johnson?
(Mr. Xieng speaks foreign language)
What?
(Mr. Xieng Huey speaks foreign language)
(ominous music)
- Well that's then.
We have to take out the doctors.
Her friends in Singapore are in standby.
- Well what about the locals?
- The Wan clan?
Screw them.
They talk big.
When they have to fill a contract.
we always come up short.
- What it's sounding like is that
we have nothing to worry about.
Aren't they directly
associated with Singapore?
- Look.
I'll handle the movement.
we just have to get to that shipment first
and Nash.
(Dexter sighs)
I don't know
I have a feeling he's more trouble
than what we bargained on.
- I've got somebody telling him right now.
- Yeah?
You know. I think you
just gave me an idea.
- Yeah. what's that?
- [Winston] Well.
maybe the Wan clan can be
of some use to us still.
- What?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Hang on.
We know that they are way
too closely associated
with official government business.
Okay?
We. every time we work with them
they always find a way to...
I don't trust them.
I don't like it.
- They feed on whatever we give them and
they'll disappear soon enough.
- Sounds like things
are going to get messy.
- No Dexter.
things are gonna be very clean.
It's a dawn of a new day
and once we get control of the XZ-9.
we'll show the world
what damage really is.
(ominous music)
- Do we have plans for this weekend?
- [Mr. Xieng] Not so much.
All right. what's next?
- Don't forget these XZ-9 samples
have to be shipped off tomorrow.
- Oh goodness.
You're right.
I would have totally forgot.
Hey can you hand me some fresh gloves?
- Okay.
(ominous music)
- Who are you?
(woman speaks foreign language)
You can't be in here.
(woman exclaims)
(body thuds)
(man exclaims)
(woman speaks in foreign language)
- [Nash] I'm actually curious as to
what happened to the footage
from you guys' investigation.
The cameras were off when I came inside.
- Well. it seems like we
were a victim of a hacking
probably from a foreign country but
I had my own team
investigating that right now
and trust me.
we'll keep the lawyers at bay.
- [Nash] We got hacked?
Why didn't you bring this
to my attention earlier?
- Well. we just figured
it out a couple hours ago
and so I'd like to be ahead
of the ball and I'm on it.
I'm taking some more stuff off your plate.
- [Dexter] We'll get the
cameras back up and running
and we'll put him back down.
cross reference everybody
that we have the confession from him.
That's not a problem.
- You-
- We already have
the confessional on him.
We can pull him out again and
we can ask him one more time.
- The confession is a problem.
I don't trust any investigations
or any interrogations
that have not been recorded.
You guys just wait. let me get more intel.
I'll circle back with you
guys in about 24 hours. okay?
- And you authorized those operatives
to be out in the field.
- Those Ops have been out in
the field for over two years.
I'm sure whatever intel they give me
I get right back to you guys shortly.
So for right now.
take some time off.
- Looks like it's time
to take out agent Nash.
- How are we gonna do that?
(ominous music)
He's the head of the department.
- You need to figure that out.
Which I fully trust that you will.
(ominous music continues)
(Mr. Xieng speaks in foreign language)
- [Dexter] Jesus Christ.
- [Winston] It looks like
somebody did our job for us.
- I don't like the look of this.
(Mr. Xieng speaks in foreign language)
(woman whistles)
- We're always one step
behind but look what I found.
- What is this?
- Nuclear cyanide.
- Oh Jesus.
- Lethal.
- What do with that?
- We'll be able to use it later trust me.
(ominous music)
(Mr. Xieng screams)
- Our friend at CIA
was surprised by your speed.
- When does the payment go through?
- When you and your crew
complete the job.
- You're jerking us around Wan.
We know we did the deed
and now you're trying to maneuver.
What gives?
- The words on the street.
Xieng is not dead.
- That's impossible.
- Impossible?
He's at the Beverly hospital now room 237.
You know what you have to do.
- Let me tell you this.
they only hire the best.
They do their job
and they do it right.
I don't wanna see you again Wan.
Once this is over.
we're done.
- Get outta here.
(ominous music continues)
(keyboard clicks)
(somber music)
- Hey Mara.
(Nash sighs)
Something doesn't sit right with me.
- What you thinking about?
- You know when
the Chinese government blamed my unit
for the death of those soldiers.
there was two things the
CIA couldn't figure out.
One. who owned the pharmaceutical company
and two what exactly was
the compound for XZ-9.
Where's Dexter and Winston?
- Last I met them they seemed worried
about your mental condition.
(Nash scoffs)
- You think they're really worried
about my mental condition?
- [Mara] No.
- Exactly
but it's fine I'm gonna
do my own digging into
what those guys are up to
'cause I don't trust him for shit.
- Should I run a report?
- No. no. no.
Just. just be careful.
Be on look out.
- Okay.
You going out tonight?
- No. I'm actually going
to be staying here.
My sister's coming to visit.
She was on vacation in St. Thomas.
So we're gonna relax. make some food.
have some drinks. catch up.
You should join.
- Sounds nice.
If I can finish this report.
- Don't overwork yourself.
Knock that stuff out and
come hang out with us.
- All right.
(ominous music)
- Here's the best shot we have
to take out our little problem.
(ominous music continues)
- All right let's get it over with.
- Be confident.
(ominous music)
(machine beeps)
Make sure you drank it.
Nighty night.
(Mr. Xieng coughs)
(machine beeps rapidly)
- Is it done?
- It's done.
- A thousand percent.
I don't want to come back.
- You won't hear a peep
from this guy anymore.
(ominous music)
(machine beeps)
- Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Hey you guys can't be here.
Hey. hey. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
(man exclaims)
(man groans)
There we go.
Hey.
(woman exclaims)
(man groans)
(body thuds)
- No mistakes.
Come on.
(Dexter coughs)
We gotta get out of here.
- [Dexter] I just got my ass kicked.
(ominous music)
(door clicks)
(keys jingle)
- Well hey.
You look like you were sleeping.
- No. No.
Just thinking.
How's it going?
Good to see you.
(Brenda mumbles)
- Nice to see you too bro.
- I missed you.
- Missed you too.
- Have a seat.
How was your flight?
- Long but you know how that goes.
- Yeah true (mumbles)
(Brenda mumbles)
- People. flights
- Well here it is.
I have a new place.
- Could use a woman's touch but it's nice.
I like it.
(both chuckle)
Always thinking.
Let me guess. you're probably thinking
about some top CIA mission tomorrow
where you gon' deliver some golden gems
and on the top of space mountain?
- No actually I was thinking about dinner.
- Oh. well. well. well me no
not protest. please come on.
(Nash chuckles)
Get your ass up.
(both laugh)
- Coming up.
- Thanks.
(Brenda chuckles)
(lighthearted music)
- All right.
You in for a treat.
- We'll see.
- Tell me what you think
and no holding back.
- Well I will but
mostly by the looks of
it I can already tell
that it's a little
(exclaims)
(Nash laughs)
but I'll try it.
(both laugh)
(Brenda mumbles)
now are you sure you don't
want to introduce you?
- I'm quite sure please stop swiping.
Matter of fact no swiping
at the dinner table.
- But she's cute look
and she's a lawyer.
- Okay.
She's a very pretty lady.
I mean and good for her being a lawyer
but I don't need a girlfriend.
a fiance or wife right now.
I am very fine in my
life being the way it is.
- What's that supposed to mean?
You said it like you out there
driving a Porsche or something.
- I don't need a lawyer
to get me out of trouble.
I've got my nice little coop
to whip me in and out of any
problems I have. all right?
- Well if you say so
but this one right here
I know for sure she's
going to be taken soon.
That I know.
- I wouldn't doubt it
and whatever gentlemen grabs her.
she's gonna make a lovely wife.
(both laugh)
- You know what?
All right your loss.
(both laugh)
You are too much.
- Besides you know. mom
told me to take care of you.
- Stop playing.
What?
- Yeah I'm taking care of you.
- You really think that
you're taking care of me?
- I take care of you all the time.
- I'm taking care of you.
(Nash laugh)
You took care of me?
What?
Like those idiots at the club. right?
- That was me taking care of you.
(Brenda laughs)
- No.
- Look in my defense.
both those guys were assholes
and what am I supposed to
do as a older brother if
I see two guys hitting on
my sister. grabbing her ass.
moving her around like that.
I took care of it.
- You took care of their hospital bill.
- True.
Which I can write off on my taxes.
(Nash laughs)
- If you say so.
(phone vibrates)
- Oh shit.
- [Brenda] Uh-oh.
No business while I'm visiting.
None.
- Yeah. no. we got company.
- This ain't no CIA dance party.
- No. no. no. it's Mara.
She's one of my new agents.
She's good people though.
- Good people?
So you dating her?
- No. no. no. no not at all.
Come on stop it (mumbles)
- Okay.
- She's new.
We're trying to build a rapport.
Like. you know. I figured we
have her come out. have some drinks.
hang out with us for a bit.
- Wait so she's here?
- Yeah.
She's outside.
- Then invite her ass in.
(ominous music)
(Mr. Wan exclaims)
(sword clanks)
(Mr. Wan speaks foreign language)
- Who's the target?
- It's an interesting lead. Billy boy.
There's a woman at this house.
This is her picture
but don't show your real face.
This is the agent place.
This agent. he has been known
to go extra length to solve his problem.
(ominous music)
(drawer clanks)
(masks thud)
- I didn't know Halloween
was approaching so soon.
- I love Halloween.
Just put the goddamn mask.
Go.
Get the fuck out of here.
It's getting late already.
(ominous music continues)
(sword clanks)
(Mr. Wan exclaims)
- Good to see you.
- Oh good to be here.
Thanks for the invite.
- Yeah. no thanks for coming.
- So you're the famous Mara.
- Guilty.
- Yo. yo. (mumbles) be easy. be easy.
(both laugh)
- You must be Brenda.
Nash says you're the best.
- Oh he says that?
- You see.
- I used to hold him down
till he started screaming with laughter.
Just tickling him.
- First of all. I say
good things about you.
Secondly my therapist
said. we don't talk about.
(both laugh)
- In all seriousness though.
I'm glad you came Mara.
- Oh thank you.
- Of course.
I hope you ate before you came though.
(Nash exclaims)
- Come on.
- Because.
- No.
- my brother thinks he's a chef but...
(Brenda exclaims)
(Mara laughs)
- Again. the good stuff is in the oven.
it's almost done.
- Oh.
Okay.
- This is just something
to kind of. you know.
get the refuge.
- Of course.
- Thank you.
We drinking?
- Yeah.
See?
A good guest. she brought wine.
Oh we drinking.
We definitely drinking.
We got wine.
We got water.
Purple drink. we got drinks.
- Okay. wait. wait. what is purple drink?
(both laugh)
what'd I miss?
(both mumble)
- Oh lemme play this song.
Okay.
(Nash mumbles)
I got it. I got it.
Remember this song?
- Oh see.
- He used to go crazy to this song
- See. you're not ready for this.
See I won five. five.
five. five. five trophies
from the first grade to
sixth grade. talent shows
off of songs like these.
See they weren't ready for all this.
They weren't ready for all of that.
My back.
- [Brenda] Oh my god.
- [Mara] Oh okay.
- My elbow. elbow.
- Oh okay. well if we're playing
that kind of gig then it's like (exclaims)
- Okay Mara.
- Okay.
- See.
See.
Hey
What you thinking
When you thinking you miss
the whole point of you
You can choose not to bruise
Your beautiful news
(Nash exclaims)
All those feelings
(both laughing)
It's all in your head
And if you're into healing
Try to feel it without going mad
Without going mad
- And then Nash was like.
"That wasn't a pumpkin.
"That was an avocado baby."
I was like. "What the
hell is he on about?"
(Mara laughs)
- [Nash] That was the biggest avocado baby
I've ever seen in my life.
- It was not an avocado.
(both laugh)
- Sounds like you were well taken care of.
- [Brenda] Yeah until dad passed.
I mean it was rough mom but
she raised us all in her effort right?
- She did a great job.
She taught me a lot.
She taught me how to pay attention.
- You can say that again.
(ominous music)
- But what about you honey?
- I was recruited actually but...
(ominous music continues)
- You seem so pretty and proper.
Nash did tell me though you
were excellent in combat.
I could not deal with all of that fight.
- I was always a bit
of a tomboy. I'm sorry.
Nash you burning tomorrow
night's dinner too?
(all coughing)
- [Nash] That's not smoke.
That's gas.
(Nash coughing)
Intruders.
(man exclaims)
(body thuds)
(knife clanks)
(ominous music)
(Nash coughs)
(body thuds)
(man mumbles)
- and (mumbles) worried about you.
(ominous music continues)
(Nash groans)
- Mara.
Wake up.
Brenda.
Brenda!
(door slams)
(phone vibrates)
- Winston.
- [Winston] Nash. how are you buddy?
- Yeah they. they came and took my sister.
- [Winston] Did they tell
you what they wanted?
- What?
No.
They gassed my place.
it happened so fast I
don't know what happened.
- [Winston] What do you think you did
that would make someone
wanna take your sister?
Any ideas about that old buddy?
- Are you tryna be funny?
- Oh. we had a debrief this morning.
Neither you or Mara were present.
We checked around no
one heard shit from you.
Thought you might have taken my advice
and gotten the hell out of Dodge.
- No.
What is. what's happening to me?
- [Winston] Must be Iraq
is catching up with you.
(somber music)
(glass clanks)
(door knocks)
- Who is it?
- Mr. Smoke.
(Mr. Wan sighs)
(gun cocks)
(gun thuds softly)
- Come in Mr. Smoke.
You are late.
(ominous music)
(door clicks)
- Well. we happy?
- Indeed.
We got the girl.
Ancy's in route to the warehouse.
- What about the XZ-9?
- The mother load. Mr. Smoke?
Due in time.
Our partner get the first dib.
(ice rattles)
My warrior prepare
for the battle.
(Winston exclaims)
(Winston panting)
- Now drink.
- Oh no. no.
- Take a drink.
You and your so-called agent.
if anything happen to me
my warrior will (mumbles)
(mumbles) prone to hell
and suck your blood dry.
- No.
- You hear me?
- Yes. yes.
- Do you hear me?
- Yes.
Yes.
(glass clanks)
- You are trouble.
(Winston panting)
- Nash.
That bitch's brother.
We need him to take a long vacation.
- I see.
A private vacation.
- There's this dive bar he likes to go.
The Peak Oyster (mumbles)
You take him there
but before you finish him off
interrogate his ass.
There's a code phrase that
was passed to him from his ex partner.
It's a value to us.
- You want me to do your dirty work?
Classic CIA maneuver.
- The pay will be double.
How's that for a maneuver?
- As you wish Mr. Smoke.
(Winston chuckles)
(Winston coughs)
Oh God damn.
You drink this shit you'll die.
- Everything will kill.
Everything
on this ratchet earth.
- I'll set up Nash. okay?
I'll set him up Mr. Wan.
- You better.
- Just take him out.
(door clicks)
(ominous music)
(birds chirping)
(keyboard clicks)
- [Mara] See I can place that
there were active cell signals
in the area last night but
in this neighborhood it's
like a complete blackout.
- What about the cameras?
- The only one clear enough to make out
is the intersection down the street.
Black sedan. two females.
- Yeah.
It had to be two females.
I mean I gotta get my head cleared out
but I at least remember seeing that.
- This was intentional but no demands yet.
- Not a damn thing?
- Nothing.
They'll be in touch.
If they call your cell we
can ping almost immediately.
How do you wanna proceed?
(Nash sighs)
- I need some time.
Gonna meditate on it. I'll be in touch.
- I understand.
Don't worry Nash.
I already filed the report
and I'll brief Winston and Dexter on it.
You'll come in later.
- I really appreciate everything.
You are.
- Of course.
- really sweet and pure and
I do not wanna get you
to wrapped up into this.
- It'll be okay.
- You are quickly becoming
my new best friend.
(Nash laugh)
- We could be more than friends.
- I don't think that'd be a good idea.
Mara I just can't do that right now.
You are amazing
but right now I need to keep my head clear
and you would be a distraction
but I thank you for everything.
(somber music)
Come here.
(Nash kisses)
- Sylvia. it's me Nash.
I really need to talk.
Face to face though.
Can you come to my place?
It's 3324 East River drive.
I just need to talk to you.
So please come.
(light hearted music)
I can get fly
Oh fly. fly
Fly. fly. fly
I can get fly
Oh fly. fly
Fly. fly. fly
I can get fly
Oh fly. Fly
Fly. fly. fly
I can get fly
Oh fly. fly
Fly. fly. fly
Relax your mind
And let it unwind
No time for fights
Just open your eyes
Do you see the light
It's been a while.
- What did you wanna talk about?
Why couldn't we talk over the phone?
- To be honest I know you're
working on a bunch of missions
I'm not supposed to know about
but a couple of operatives
came in my place
and took my sister.
- Your sister?
- Yes.
This is personal.
So please.
I need to know what intel
you know about XZ-9.
- What's the password to Play?
- "The wind dances where it
wants not where we will it."
- That is the code.
I got intel that the Wans are
moving a large shipment of XZ-9
via freight to Singapore
and then to China.
- Where they now?
- If it's the Wans you want
they run coke out of The Pink Oyster.
- Yeah they came back to me at my club.
- I would say go to The
Oyster but be careful.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
They never wanted my sister.
- They'll come after you too.
- I know
but not if I come after them first.
Thank you.
(both kiss)
I feel the divide between you and I
But the distance between
the dark and light
But trust as the dawn
is both day and night
Maybe I can make you mine
Make you mine
I know that I've grown jaded
And we could (mumbles)
We're loosing the days of our youth
Memories faded he years
we look forward to
Might be over soon
I feel the divide between you and I
Like the distance between
the dark and light
Just as the dawn is both day and night
Maybe I can
- Nah.
No that can't be right.
- What can't be?
I didn't know you work this late.
- I'm on the XZ-9 operation.
- I thought Winston took you off of that.
- Not since last night.
We were hit. possibly compromised.
- Well it sounds like you
should do the right thing
and stay off the field.
- I was just wrapping up.
What are you doing here?
- Well I was hoping to
speak with Nash but-
- He's the man of the hour.
- Indeed he is.
- Actually I was going to tell you.
I think after this case.
I will be taking those vacation hours.
- Oh well you've earned 'em.
I'm sure Winston wouldn't mind.
- I mean XZ-9 has everyone
on edge. you don't feel that?
- No.
Everything's just fine.
Always been.
Why do you ask?
- No reason. you're right.
(ominous music)
- Leave XZ-9 to us.
No more overtime
and you can go back to
your online operations.
We got this.
- Well then. I'll be going.
(footsteps pattering)
(ominous music continues)
- Hey Mara.
If you see Nash can you
tell him to meet me in here?
- Fine.
(ominous music)
- You know. your brother and
I used to be good friends.
In fact he even helped save my life
during the mission.
I took a bullet and they gave him a medal!
(Winston laughs)
Priceless.
They didn't even give me
three months sick leave.
Mr. Wan.
he's giving me enough money
where I can buy my own island.
In fact.
when XZ-9 hits the
streets in three months.
hell. I may even by two.
(Winston chuckles)
(ominous music)
(lighthearted music)
- Casey can I get another one?
- [Casey] Yeap.
- Thanks.
(lighthearted music continues)
- [Casey] There you go.
- Appreciate it.
(eerie music)
- Everyone get the hell out.
- Now.
- The Wan clan.
- Poor boy.
- We will kill your sister next.
- You touch my sister
I'll make sure you
never fucking walk again
and you in this cheap suit.
I make sure they bury you in it.
- You talk too much
but don't worry
maybe your sister will join you in hell.
- How about you go first
and tell me how it is.
- Big boy. big words.
(snaps)
(body thuds)
(man exclaims)
(knife clanks)
(Nash slaps)
(dramatic music)
- [Man] You're dead.
(man exclaims)
(dramatic music)
(body thuds)
(man groans)
(woman pants)
- Kill him.
(knife clanks)
(dramatic music continues)
(sword whooshes)
(sword clanks)
(woman exclaims)
- You okay?
(Nash pants)
- Thanks for showing up on time.
Let's go.
I wanted you to watch.
- What the hell happened?
(dramatic music)
(sirens blaring)
Did you know those people at the bar?
- I sure as hell do now.
I know the Wan clan was running
the pharmaceutical company
that was making exiting XZ-9.
If that's the case. that
means their old boss Wan
is up to the same tricks he was in before.
Do any intel for any labs or
warehouses next to the pier.
Anything pops up I guarantee
you that's where Brenda is.
- And Dexter came around looking for.
- No. I don't trust him or Winston.
- I think it's worse than that.
I think that they're double agents.
- Really?
- Really.
- Tell you what. you drum
up any intel you can.
you let me deal with Winston and Dexter.
(keyboard clicks)
And Mara.
(lighthearted music)
thank you you've been
saving my ass back there.
(Mara chuckles)
- Anytime.
(lighthearted music)
(footsteps pattering)
(eerie music)
- Dexter.
- I was hoping you would show up.
- I'm gonna cut you up.
(gunshot fires)
(body thuds)
(eerie music continues)
(footsteps pattering)
- I can't believe you betrayed the agency.
- Shouldn't dig up memories
of old military murders.
Who knows what kind of
skeletons you'll find there.
(Nash scoffs)
- You must wanna be buried
with the rest of those bodies.
I'm really gonna enjoy this.
- Not as much as me.
(Dexter exclaims)
(dramatic music)
(both exclaim)
(thuds)
(chair rattles)
(dramatic music continues)
(thuds)
(Dexter exclaims)
(bones crushing)
(body thuds)
(dramatic music intensifies)
(Nash panting)
- Are you fucking kidding me?
(gunshot fires)
(glass breaks)
Wan sent you?
- [Man] That's right.
Boss Wan sends his regards.
(gunshots fire)
- Tell your boss to go fuck himself.
Tell you what.
You walk away or not. I
will fucking kill you.
- Your death will be my pleasure.
(gunshot fires)
(gun clicks)
- You know what?
I love pleasure.
Bring it bitch.
(dramatic music)
(glass breaks)
(both exclaim)
(dramatic music intensifies)
(body thuds)
(both grunting)
(bottle thuds)
- Did you always wanna
do this kind of work?
- Not really.
My father was in the military.
National guard actually.
Tried warning me about it but you know.
stupid kid I wasn't willing
to really take his advice.
- [Sylvia] Yeah.
(Nash sighs)
- I wish I would listen.
Things I've seen.
Iraq.
You just don't recover
from that. you know.
- What did you wanna do?
- Never got a chance to figure it out.
Pops.
he left when I was about 14.
Everything he showed me.
military.
training.
focusing.
everything geared me towards this life.
(somber music)
To be honest I don't know
what I would do if I left.
- How about you?
- I was a military brat
and my dad was in the CIA.
I was basically raised for this.
I excelled in explosives to say the least.
I really liked blow torches.
Yeah.
- You get burned that way.
- It's all right.
I like playing with fire.
Can you hear that?
- What?
- The silence.
Something's in the air.
It's always present.
always moving us forward.
If we just stopped and listened.
who chose who we really are.
- Now I'm worried about tomorrow.
- [Sylvia] You're not there.
you're here with me.
What are you so worried about?
- I just can't stop thinking
about what happened.
Everything in Iraq.
My team is basically gone.
Hubbard lord knows where.
Winston traded on me.
You're here. I thank you for
that but anything can go wrong
and I saw what happened
last time with XZ-9.
Hundreds of soldiers were killed.
If that gets out into the world it's over.
- Yeah.
Well then I guess you better
get ready to save the world.
- With you?
- Yeah. of course.
- Thank you.
- And Nash.
- Yeah?
- we can do this.
We just. we just have to believe.
I believe it.
(both kisses)
(ominous music)
- Hey.
So. got anymore
information about the XZ-9?
(ominous music continues)
- Yes.
I made copies for Thursday plan for you
- It's all right.
- and then this.
(dramatic music)
- Check this out and I'll
see you back at the briefing
around three o'clock.
- Okay sounds good.
Okay.
(dramatic music continues)
(buttons clicking)
- God damn it.
(phone thuds)
(fire alarm blares)
What the hell is the fire alarm?
(footsteps pattering)
Oh really?
You?
Didn't I take care of you at the bar?
- Guess I couldn't get
enough of your pretty face.
(man exclaims)
(dramatic music)
Want more?
(man exclaims)
(dramatic music intensifies)
(body thuds)
(bones crackling)
- You gon' kill me?
Not if I can help it.
(thuds)
(ominous music)
(glass clanks)
(phone rings)
(ominous music)
- What?
Goddamn it.
How could he?
I sent four of you guys
over there to kill him.
Move to the east side
of the warehouse now.
(phone clicks)
(Mr. Wan groans)
Goddamn it.
(gun cocks)
I'm gonna kill Nash.
Kill you.
(Mr. Wan screams)
(dramatic music)
- Baby you okay?
- [Sylvia] I'm worried Nash.
Our last mission together.
you almost died.
I don't wanna lose you.
I thought I would never see you again.
- You're not gonna lose me
and if you close your eyes.
I'll always be there.
- It's the Wan clan though.
What are the chances that
you and I make it out alive?
- Come on baby.
I'm not afraid to die.
I've been on so many missions that
I've come so close to death
I barely feel alive now.
- I know a way to make you feel alive.
It's an ancient tantric technique.
You just have to relax
and let me take control.
- So is this supposed to
prepare us for tomorrow?
- It'll give you strength.
the best kind.
(both kisses)
(lighthearted music)
(lighthearted music continues)
- Thank you for meeting me.
- Yeah.
- What's the word?
- I got all the intel.
It sounds like in four hours.
a shipment of XZ-9 is
coming over at the pier.
Wan hired men to escort the shipment.
- Four hours?
- [Mara] Mm-hmm.
- That means Wan's gonna be at the pier
to make sure that shipment
comes in and it comes in right
but there'll be law reinforcement
so we should probably
strike in the next hour.
- If I call it in
I might be able to get some
backup from the Bureau.
- Nah.
(Nash laughs)
Winston called me and offered me a bribe.
$100.000 plus my sister so.
I know he's probably
already got a plan set up
to make it look like I'm the trader.
- You know this a trap.
- I know it's a trap.
but I got a plan.
What I need from you are the
blueprints of the warehouse.
- Okay.
(keyboard clicks)
Think I got 'em.
Even with the shipment coming in later.
Wan's gonna have at least
half a dozen men there.
Who's gonna have your back?
- She will.
- I'll have his back.
- Mara this is Sylvia Crowell.
She's in my unit Special Ops.
Sylvia this is Mara.
she's my partner with the agency.
She's a lifesaver.
- I guess we have that in common.
- Can you trust her?
- Yeah.
Just like I can trust you.
- Brought us some gear.
(bag thuds)
Now we can go kill
everyone in that warehouse
and get your sister back.
I also have this for you.
- I can't take this.
If I go in wearing this then
they know something's up.
(Mara sighs)
- Well according to the blueprints
there's opening on the
northeast and south side.
Get you in on the west.
we can take out anybody
on the other two sides.
Try and get our offense.
- That won't work. we can't communicate.
- I do.
(zip rattles)
With these.
You can track each other's locations.
our heartbeats
and we can communicate.
So let's gear up.
- [Nash] Good.
I was hoping you two would get along.
(dramatic music)
- [Mr. Wan] Winston. Winston.
Are you playing with this woman?
How soon will he show his face?
- Soon. Mr. Wan.
- I'm gonna check on the shipment.
You let me know when he get here.
- Okay.
- Where's Billy?
- Dead.
- I want in on his cut.
- Well.
two splits is better than three.
(ominous music)
(gunshots fire)
(man exclaims)
(body thuds)
Who was that?
- I'll check on it.
(Brenda exclaims)
(ominous music continues)
(gunshots fire)
- South side clear.
Sylvia?
(static cracks)
Sylvia.
Shit.
- [Nash] Winston I'm here.
- Turn around and take off your jacket.
- Where's my sister?
Is she safe?
- Take the money.
take your sister and join us.
What has been a good guy done for you.
- So I'm just supposed to
let XZ-9 into the world.
destroy communities.
kill millions of people.
just so a few of you guys can get rich?
I've already seen this story
and I don't like how it ends
'cause I've already lost too
many people including Hubbard.
- That was the kill plan.
(ominous music)
- Change of plans.
(bag thuds)
(gunshots fire)
(woman exclaims)
(thuds)
- Go get Brenda.
- Copy.
- You're mine bitch.
(both exclaim)
(gunshots fire)
(thuds)
(body thuds)
(ominous music)
- It doesn't have to be like this.
It can be different.
Just me and you.
like old times.
- You've always been a pain in my ass.
(gun clanks)
(both exclaim)
(bone crushes)
(Winston screams)
(ominous music intensifies)
- [Sylvia] Call for help.
- [Brenda] Okay.
- [Sylvia] Me and him
are gonna meet you there.
Just take the fire exits and hurry.
- Okay.
- And take the keys.
- [Brenda] Okay. thank you.
(dramatic music)
(both exclaim)
(thuds)
(dramatic intensifies)
(bone crushes)
(body thuds)
(Mara pants)
- Shit.
- Hey.
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
I found your sister.
- Where is she?
- She safe. she's going to
the car to call for help.
we're gonna meet her there.
- Okay. good.
- I told you. just believe.
- Thank you.
(gunshot fires)
(Silvia exclaims)
No.
Wake up. wake up. wake up. wake up.
Wake up. wake up.
Wake up please.
Please I can't loose you too.
(Nash sobbing)
- [Mr. Wan] (mumbles) away.
I've be waiting for you.
I'm not gonna waste my bullet on you.
(dramatic music)
Let's see what you got.
Come on.
(Nash screams)
(both exclaim)
(thuds)
(Nash coughs)
(dramatic music intensifies)
(both exclaim)
(metals clank)
(nunchaku whooshing)
(Mr. Wan groans)
(Mr. Wan exclaims)
(metals clank)
(ominous music)
(lighthearted music)
- [Mara] Hey.
You hurt?
- I lost Sylvia.
- Nash I'm so sorry.
You saved your sister.
You saved the world.
(Mara chuckles)
Hey and you still have me.
(lighthearted music continues)
Hey I'll take care of you.
(upbeat music)
Yeah I want to carry on
We've been dreaming
Voices are whisper
Faces faintly glimmer
Will I want to carry on
Here then seemly
This is what you ruined
It won't be my undoing now
My undoing
Have I ever told you
Boy you're getting finer with age
I know it doesn't feel true
But baby you got no expiration date
Have I ever told you
Boy you getting finer with age
I know it doesn't feel true
But baby you got no expiration date
Okay
Yeah
Being young's got a shelf life
Whatever
You may not believe it
but they'll come a time
Whatever
When you realize I was totally right
You start to see the ones
before you in a different light
Different light
The lord keeps telling me
that my prime age was 25
But here I'm thriving
on the other side
My best years are ahead me
But then oh god I'm on top of my game
Game yeah
You just shooting your shot
but I've been working on range
Range
Might get older baby girl
we get better with age